Let’s go! Gonna do it like this, gonna’do it like this.
Now I don’t know, but I’ve been told, that this party is gettin’cold, that’s
why I got a new dance just for you. It’s called The Hop, so what you gonna
do? Just jump up and down till you hit the ceiling, do that dance, don’t
fight the feelin'. Lemme’form a line and let me get behind that big fat girl
with the big behind and hop like a bunny rabbit, lemme get it girl, 'cause I gots ta’have it. Party people come an’hop along, so go ahead girl, let’s
sing your song.
That’s the way we do that booty hop, now we got the party, hoppy won’t you
come and hop along.
Do, Do, Do, Do, Do, Do. Do, Do, Do, Do, Do Do, Do Do.
Hop along like Cassidy, everybody always askin’me, What’s with the Hop and
how you do it? All you gotta’do is get your hips into it. Jump around
till’you get excited. That’s the way, uh huh, I like it. Everybody come on and sing along, just go ahead girl let’s sing that song!
Break it on down!
Everybody do da’booty hop, jump up and down and don’t stop, do that booty hop
until you drop. Here we go…
Breathe!
Here we go wit a little sumpin’sumpin', that got he party people jumpin'
jumpin'. It’s not the Dip or the Macerena, it’s called the Hop and it’s just
for winners. So let’s begin, just move your body, do dat’hop and let’s start
the party. So everybody, once the game is on, go ahead girl, let’s sing your
song.
Everybody do da’booty hop, jump up and down and don’t stop, do that booty hop
until you drop. Here we go…
Just breathe! Bye, Bye choo-choo train, hey yo’girl what’s up with that
thang!
That’s the way we do that booty hop! (Miami!)
That’s the way we do that booty hop! (Atlanta!)
That’s the way we do that booty hop! (California!)
That’s the way we do that booty hop! (New York City!)
That’s the way we do that booty hop! (South Carolina!)
That’s the way we do that booty hop! (North Carolina!)
That’s the way we do that booty hop! (Alabama!)
That’s the way we do that booty hop! (All the black girls!)
That’s the way we do that booty… (All the white girls!)
That’s the way we do that booty… (Give la, la and women!)
Lyrics by Kensu
Submitted by Nick Woodrum (nickshaq@aol.com)
